What is the name of a group of Hippos? - A bloat/thunder
What is the name for a group of ferrets? - A business
What is the name of a group of pandas? - An embarresment
What is the name for a group of manatees? - An aggregation
What is the name for a group of Turkeys? - A gang/posse
What is the largest desert in the world? - Antarctica
What is the name of the world’s largest rodent by weight? - Capybara
What is the name of the world’s largest spider by leg span? - Goliath Birdeater
What is the name of the worlds smallest country? - Vatican City
How many balls are on a pool table at the start of a game? - 16
 In St. Louis, Missouri, it’s illegal for a firefighter to rescue who? - an undressed woman, even if they are wearing a nightgown
 What was banned in Indonesia for “stimulating passion?” - Hula hoops
 What animal breathes out of its butt? - Turtles
 Chartreuse is a colour between yellow and what? - Green
 How do sea otters keep from drifting apart while they sleep? - they hold hands
 What two cities represent letters in the phonetic alphabet? - Lima and Quebec
 What were clocks missing before 1577? - Minute hand
 What was the third country to acquire an atomic bomb? - Britain
 In which city was John F Kennedy assassinated? - Dallas
 What is the perfect score in ten-pin bowling? - 300
What is the currency in laos? - laotion kip
Is an aubergine a vegetable? - False
What is the last letter of the greek alphabet? - omega
In the state of Georgia, it’s illegal to eat what with a fork? - Fried Chicken
Iceland diverted roads to avoid disturbing communities of what? - elves
what unit of measurement is used for the speed of a computer mouse other than dpi or cpi? - Mickeys
Where were fortune cookies invented? - San Francisco
How many bricks are in the empire state building? - 10 million
According to Russian law, a homeless person must be where after 10 pm? - At home
WHat was walt disney afraid of? - Mice 
On average, what is the thing that Americans do 22 times in a day? - Open the fridge
What is a haboob? - type of sandstorm in sudan