What is the difference between a ligament and a tendon? - ligaments connect bone to bone, and tendons connect bones and muscle
Where on the human body is the zygomatic bone found? - Facial Cheek
Statins are medications given to patients who have high levels of lipids in their blood, otherwise known by what "good or bad" C-name? - Cholesterol
Which medical term comes from the Greek word for “without breathing” and is included in the name of a condition where a person experiences brief pauses in breathing while they’re asleep? - Apnea
What is the medical term for a sideways curvature of the spine which most commonly occurs in young adults during a growth spurt? - Scoliosis
Which ancient Greek physician is known as the "Father of Medicine"? - Hippocrates
First published in 1858, what textbook was based on dissections performed on unclaimed corpses? - Grays Anatomy
The Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus was written in the 17th century BC and contains the earliest recorded reference to the brain. In what ancient empire was this papyrus written? - Egpyt
How many times a day must you take medication if your prescription reads "q.i.d."? - 4
Hyperhidrosis is the medical term for excessive what? Sweating
Which term is used to describe a disease that’s common or even constantly present in a specific population? - Endemic
Broad spectrum antibiotics and carbapenem antibiotics are both used to treat sepsis or septicemia, an infection of what? - Pallor
For the average adult human, the skin has a surface area of how many square feet? - 16 to 22
In 1895, one week after Wilhelm Conrad Röntgen first realized a cathode ray tube could help one peer into the human body, he used this primitive x-ray to view what body part of his wife? - Hands
Warfarin is an example of which class of “blood-thinning” medications? - Anticoagulants
The Yellow Fever outbreak in 1793 resulted in the deaths of more than 9% of the population in what major American city? - Philadelphia
What health-related word evolved from a Middle English term describing the venom of a snake which came from a Latin word meaning "slimy liquid or poison"? - Virus
How many chambers does the heart have? - 4
What system does the liver belong to? - Digestive
Which blood type is considered the universal donor? - O 
Which part of the brain controls balance and coordination? - Cerebellum
what is responsible for the production of red blood cells? - Bone Marrow
Which is the longest and largest bone in the body? - Femur
What is a keloid? - overgrowth of scar tissue
What does the medical term bromodosis refer to? - Stinky feet
What does BMI stand for? - Body Mass Index
What does ECG stand for? electrocardiogram
What was the name of the first cloned sheep? - Dolly
Which hormone is responsible for sleep regulation in humans? - Melatonin
Who is known as the father of psychoanalysis? - Sigmund Freud