What is the name of Batmans contigency plan for himself? - F.A.I.L.S.A.F.E
What is wonder womans weapon? - The Golden Lasso of Truth
What is the flash's secret identity? - Barry Allen
In the DC Universe, how many lantern rings are there? - 7
In the DC Comics, How many consecutive Robins are there? - 4 (Dick Grayson, Jason Todd, Tim Drake, Damien Wayne)
In the Dark Knight Returns, Which actor plays Bane? - Tom Hardy
In the DC Comics, what does gold kryptonite do? - removes supermans powers permanently
In the DC universe, Which of the Justice leagues enemy's, is the tyrannical ruler of apokalips? - Darkseid
Which of Batman's enemy's is named after a flightless bird? - The Penguin
Who is the leader of the Justice League? - Batman
Who is the leader of the Teen Titans? - Robin (Dick Grayson)
Who is Aquamans trident named after? - Neptune
In the DC comics, who is there own verison of marvels ant-man? - The Atom
Name all infinity stones in the Marvel Universe - Time, Space, Soul, Mind, Power, Reality
In the Marvel Comics, Which metal was used for Wolverines skeleton? - Adamantium
Tn Marvel, What is Black Panthers suit made from? - Vibranium
In the Guardians of the Galaxy movies, who is the voice of Groot? - Vin Diesel
Which newspaper does  Spider-Man work for? - the Daily Bugle
Which member of the X-Men has the ability of laser vision? - Cyclops
What is Loki the god of? - Mischief
What is the name of Iron Mans first AI? - JARVIS
What is the name of thors hammer? - Mjolnir
Who is the main villain in the MCU movie Doctor Strange? - Dormammu
In the Marvel comics, Who created Vision? - Ultron (With Helen Cho)
In the Marvel comics, What was Ultrons original purpose? - Peace keeping program
What is Spiderman 2099's real identity? - Miguel O'Hara
Which robots were used to hunt the X-Men and other mutants? - Sentinels
Which radiation did Bruce Banner absorb to become the Hulk? - Gamma
Which member of the sinister six, was originally doctor but later turned into a reptillian monster? - Lizard
In Star Wars, Who was Obi-Wan Kenobi's Mentor? - Qui-Gon Jinn
In Star Wars, who built C3PO? - Anakin Skywalker
In Star Wars, what was Luke Skywalkers last name meant to be originally? - StarKiller
In Star Wars, How tall is Yoda? - 66cm, 26", 2'2"
In Star Wars, how many movies do C3PO and R2D2 appear in out of the main star wars saga? - All of them, 9
In Star Wars, What powers a lightsaber? - A Kyber crystal
In Star Wars, What planet are clones made on? - Kamino
In Star Wars, How many lightsabers does General Grievous wield? - 4
In Star Wars, Who originally shot first, Han-solo or Greedo? - Han Solo
In the Lord of the Rings, How many rings of power are there all together? - 20
In the hobbit, How does Smaug describe his wings in his boast? - as a hurricane
Which actor plays Aragorn in the Lord of the Rings movies? - Viggo Mortensen
What is the name of Bilbo's Blade that glows in the presence of orcs? - Sting
In the Lord of the Rings, what is the name of the dwarven home that gimli finds abandoned and derelict? - The Mines of Moria, Khazad Dhum